I am learning git.  This going to be really helpful as I move on into programming more.  I must be more regular about this even though is has been difficult lately.  Now I can't remember how I tied Sublime to Git, and I don't know if I can tie it directly to Ruby on Rails in the same way.
Learning to use FC was very helpful, now I can compare two text files much better.
Having easy access to old versions will let me recall things I have tried in the past.
Sometimes they will have worked, sometimes not. If they did work, I can use them again, if not, I may want to compare to the new version to see what I changed.
The benefit of manual commits is that you can decide to commit when it makes sense in terms of developing your code. The biggest drawback is for people like me who don't want to take the time to commit because we want to get on with coding.
Whether saving each file in a repository together makes sense depends on the purpose of the repository. Git is used primarily by coders who will be more familiar with needing to save multiple files at once, and will likely need it more often.  Google Docs however, is used by everyone.  And for the types of projects it is used for, more if it's users would find it confusing or cumbersome to have a copy of every file saved.
Git log prints a list of all the commits to the git repository.  Got diff allows you to compare any two? Or only two sequential commits? Let't try it and see.
You can compare any two commits and all the differences between them will show up.
Version control makes me more confident about changing things because any change could break things.  But with version control, I can go back and start over from any given point.  I have broken a lot of things and had to go back and fix them, and used message boxes to trace them. I have made many different types of changes trying to add features and get bugs cleared up.  Some of them have broken things unexpectedly and I have had to spend hours tracking them down.  Especially as my projects get bigger, being able to go back to older versions could be helpful.  Even to get and reuse code it could be helpful.
I plan to use Git now to learn more about programming in General.  My goal is to become a professional level programmer.
This line is added since I am getting an error message when I try to commit lesson_2_reflections.  Git commit works when I commit in the asteroids repository, but it does not work when I commit lesson_2_reflections in this repository.  Whats with that?